## Toggles & Switches

We realized awhile back that a lot of Javascript was being written for the sole purpose of adding and removing classes to elements for CSS animations. We figured this was a waste of Javascript and behold, Toggles and Switches were born unto developers everywhere. They are probably the best things since the invention of canned bread. And using them is easier than pie. Now that we've whet your appetite, let's get started.

Toggles and switches rely on the `gumby-trigger` attribute. With this attribute, you can do tons of things. You can hide an element, toggle an element, show a hidden element and much more. Let your imagination run wild.

#### Toggle an Element
Placing one element name inside the `gumby-trigger` attribute will show and hide the element upon click. In the example below we're going to toggle the #something id.

```
<a href="#" class="toggle" gumby-trigger="#something">Toggle #Something!</a>
```

#### Toggle between Elements
Here we're putting two elements separated by a pipe character that will receive the `.active` class at alternating times. Below, `#something` has the active class, but upon clicking the link, the `.somethingelse` element will receive an `active` class and the `#something` element will have `active` removed.   

```
<a href="#" class="toggle" gumby-trigger="#something | .somethingelse">Toggle</a>
```

#### Switch between elements
Same principal as before with toggles, just with a different class name. A switch will alternate the active class between the elements listed in `gumby-trigger` however this will only happen once.
```
<a href="#" class="switch" gumby-trigger="#something | .somethingelse">Switch</a>
```

#### Hide an Element
With an empty selector before the pipe, Gumby knows to hide the element after the pipe on click. Note again that this is a one time action. If you need them to happen repeatedly, toggles are what you need.

```
<a href="#" class="switch" gumby-trigger=" | .somethingelse">Switch</a>
```

#### Bringing it together
Utilizing Gumby's event listening you can do things like toggling the classes on `mouseout` and `mouseover` events.

```
<a href="#" class="toggle" gumby-trigger=".selector | .another" gumby-on="mouseover mouseout">Toggle</a>
```

#### I can't use .active!
Remain calm. Your answer lies in the attribute `gumby-classname` where you can specify what class gets added to the elements in your toggles and switches.

#### More on Toggles and Switches

Both Toggles and Switches work in the same way (and in fact are handled by the same JS UI module) with only one small difference. As the name suggests, Toggles will toggle a class on a set of elements while Switches will add and remove a class only once. As simple as this sounds, complex UI elements with reasonably advanced functionality can be created using Toggles and Switches only.

Each Toggle and Switch requires a `gumby-trigger` attribute containing one or two selectors separated by a pipe. A class of `.active` (or the class name specified in `gumby-classname`) will be added to the first selector and removed from the second. Toggles will continuously repeat this interaction, toggling the classes back and forth, whereas a Switch will perform the action only once. Neither of these selectors are actually required, you can simply provide one selector, with no pipe separator, to which the active class will be added, or supply an empty first selector in order to only remove the active class.

Both Toggles and Switches also provide an optional `gumby-on` attribute which can be used to set the triggering event. They use the click event by default but you can set it to any number of standard JS events.

Any element can be a Toggle or a Switch, just add the appropriate class.

Read more on Gumby's Toggles & Switches on the [Digital Surgeons blog](http://www.digitalsurgeons.com/blog/gumbys-toggles-switches/).