# Claymate

Claymate is an optional helper script that wraps common tasks related specifically to [Gumby Framework](https://github.com/GumbyFramework/Gumby) for ease of use.

### Another CLI tool?!

Everyone and their cat these days seem to be putting out a command line tool to help with the process of building websites. We have yeoman, grunt, uglify, guard, compass, and many more. Claymate's purpose is not to replace these tools or even to accomplish much more beyond them, but is rather meant to simplify their use where particulars of Gumby come into play.

For example, we think you'll agree that typing this:

	$ claymate install

... is better than typing this:

	$ bower install gumby && \
	mkdir css && \
	mkdir js && \
	mkdir img && \
	mkdir -p sass/var && \
	mkdir fonts && \
	cp bower_components/gumby/sass/gumby.scss sass/ && \
	cp bower_components/gumby/sass/_settings.scss sass/_settings.scss && \
	cp bower_components/gumby/sass/_fonts.scss sass/_font.scss && \
	cp bower_components/gumby/sass/_custom.scss sass/_custom.scss && \
	cp bower_components/gumby/config.rb . && \
	cp -r bower_componenets/gumby/fonts/icons fonts/ && \
	compass compile && \
	echo '{ "build": { "gumbyPath": "bower_components/gumby", "outPath": "js" } }' > gumby.json

And that *still* leaves manual steps for you to complete afterwards which Claymate would do for us.

### So what can I do with it?

Right now claymate allows us to do two things: scaffold a new project and concatenate/minify the javascript. Both are tedious tasks to do by hand. Each task is a "subcommand" of Claymate, and each in turn accept their own configuration to customize how they act to your use case.

As time goes on, we will add more subcommands to accomplish tasks we notice are repetitive. Before we get into the nitty gritty of each command, let's take a look at how we can install and configure claymate for our envirnoment.