## How Configuration Works

Configuration for Claymate is handled with either command line flags or in a JSON file.

### Flags

Flags are always preceded by `--` and come after the subcommand. Additionally a short option, preceded by `-` is defined for each that allows for less typing when using one-off configuration. For example, the following are equivalent:

	$ claymate build --gumbyPath bower_components/gumby
	$ claymate build -g bower_components/gumby
	$ claymate build -g "bower_components/gumby"

As shown above, many flags take an argument which is just a value for the flag. Most of the time, these will be paths, and are simply strings.

Some flags take more than one value. In this case, we use a comma to separate each value, with no spaces inbetween commas and the values.

	$ claymate build --modules retina,toggleswitch,validation

Still other flags are merely on/off switches. In this case they take no arguments at all. You can also negate them by prepending them with `--no-`.

	$ claymate build --buildSourceMap
	$ claymate build --no-buildSourceMap

_**Note:** You can always invoke the claymate command without any subcommands or flags in order to list the possible flags._

### Gumby.json

To make things easier you can specify a gumby.json file in the folder in which you will be running claymate. It's structure closely mirrors that of the command line options. Here is what the examples for the flags shown above would be converted to:

	{
		"build": {
			"gumbyPath": bower_components/gumby",
			"modules": ["retina", "toggleswitch", "validation"],
			"buildSourceMap": true
		}
	}

Each subcommand has it's own list of key-value pairs corresponding to command line flags. All keys are identically named to the long form of the corresponding option, minus the `--`. Prefixing a switch option with `no-` will have no effect, instead use `false` as its value. Also note that a comma separated list becomes a JSON array.

_**Remember:** Wherever you run claymate from, that directory is where it will look for gumby.json. Uppercasing or relocating the gumby.json file to a different directory will make claymate use the default values._

## Subcommand: Install

It is increasingly common practice to use some sort of front-end dependency manager in the vein of npm to manage a project's components. We favor [bower](http://bower.io/) for this task. However, one of the strengths of the gumby framework is the ability to change a few settings and completely change the look of the framework. Since the process of extracting the customizable components of the framework while using bower to maintain isolation from our app is a little complex, we decided to write a subcommand to handle the process for us.

The end result of running this subcommand is a directory structure like the following:

	├── bower_components/
	│   └── gumby/
	├── css/
	│   └── gumby.css
	├── fonts/
	│   └── icons/
	│       ├── entypo.eot
	│       ├── entypo.ttf
	│       └── entypo.woff
	├── img/
	├── js/
	├── sass/
	│   ├── var/
	│   │   └── _settings.scss
	│   ├── _custom.scss
	│   ├── _fonts.scss
	│   └── gumby.scss
	├── config.rb
	├── gumby.json
	├── index.html
	└── ui.html

_**Important!** You should always run this subcommand from an empty directory, as it will overwrite files if they exist already. Claymate will detect if the folder is non-empty and warn you of this._

### Options

_**Note:** If you wish to install Gumby as a bower module without the extra processing, all you have to do is `$ bower install gumby`._

#### quiet

`--quiet, -q`

If you do not want to see any output from claymate, pass this option.
**Default:** Off.

## Subcommand: Build

At some point in your project's lifetime you may wish to optimize your javascript files (minification) and combine them all together into one file with something like [UglifyJS](https://github.com/mishoo/UglifyJS2) . You will find that the order of concatenation of the Gumby scripts matters, and that pointing to all of the involved directories is a little annoying.

This subcommand will do all the work for us. It will concatenate and minify the javascript in the following order:

- `js/libs/gumby.js`
- `js/libs/ui/*.js` (the core modules)
- (any custom module files)
- `js/libs/gumby.init.js`
- (any custom non-module files)

It can also optionally output a source map file.

### Options

#### gumbyPath

`--gumbyPath, -g` `path/to/gumby`

In order to find gumby's javascript files, claymate needs to know where the root of the gumby folder is. For example, if we are in `~/Sites/new-site-project/` and have gumby installed at `~/Sites/new-site-project/public_html/bower_components/gumby`, we can specify that by passing the relative path like so:

	$ claymate build --gumbyPath public_html/bower_components/gumby


_**Default:** The current directory will be used (such as if you downloaded a copy of gumby to your project). If you scaffolded your project with `claymate install`, then a `gumby.json` file will have been written for you that points to `bower_componenets/gumby`._

#### outPath

`--outPath, -o` `path/to/output/js`

This allows us to dictate where to output the final minified, concatenated file and its sourcemap. The rules for the path are the same as that for the gumbyPath argument.

_**Default:** The files will be written to the current directory if you do not specify. If you scaffolded your project with `claymate install`, then a `gumby.json` file will have been written for you that points to `js`._

#### modules

`--modules, -m` `list,of,ui,modules`

This is a comma separated list of the names of the core gumby UI modules you wish to be included. Names of modules should be specified without the `.js` ending, and can be written without their `gumby.` or `jquery.` prefixes. For example, to include `js/libs/ui/jquery.validation.js` and `js/libs/ui/retina.js`, one would write the following:

	$ claymate build --modules retina,validation

_**Default:** By default, all modules located in `$gumbyPath/js/libs/ui/` are included._

#### add-ons

`--add-ons, --addons, -a` `path/to/addon/a.js,path/to/addon/b.js`

This allows us to specify additional add-ons written specifically to work with gumby. An example of that is the Parallax module, which is published as a separate bower package. Assuming we install it with bower, one need only do the following:

	$ claymate build --addons bower_components/gumby-parallax/gumby.parallax.js

_**Default:** Empty._

#### files

`--files, -f` `path/to/file/a.js,path/to/file/b.js`

This is a comma separated list of additional javascript files. An example could be the `js/plugins.js` and `js/main.js` or any other javascript specific to your project. Rules for the arguments are the same as for `--addons`.

_**Default:** Empty._

#### buildSourceMap

`--buildSourceMap, -s`

No argument needs to be passed to this flag. Its presence enables the creation of source maps along with the minified, concatenated file. To enable source maps therefore, one writes:

	$ claymate build --buildSourceMap

_**Default:** Don't build a source map._


#### quiet

`--quiet, -q`

Sometimes we need to use an option just once. Passing this flag will supress the helpful hint about the gumby.json file.

_**Default:** Off._