## I'm a developer, and I have an itch to scratch

Whether you have an idea for a subcommand, a bugfix, or just a little feature to add to Claymate then please! By all means, fork our repository and give it a go!

In Github, fork [our repository](https://github.com/GumbyFramework/Claymate), then clone it locally:

	$ git clone git@github.com:<your-username>/claymate.git

Once cloned, go into the project directory and add the official respository as a new remote.

	$ cd claymate
	$ git remote add upstream https://github.com/GumbyFramework/Claymate.git

You can set your copy of Claymate as the global installation of Claymate by linking, taking care to remove the globally installed Claymate if it exists already.

	$ npm -g uninstall claymate
	$ npm link

The repository uses the [Git Flow](http://nvie.com/posts/a-successful-git-branching-model/) method for organizing branches. If you are not used to it, just treat the develop branch like you normally would the master branch of another project. That is, develop is the main integration point, which you should branch off for your work, then pull request to. Never commit on develop or master in your fork, as you will then have the headache of merge conflicts every time you pull from upstream. You can use any name you want for topic branches, as they will not appear in the official repository.

_**Note:** Before spending a lot of time on a large subcommand, please propose the idea in a Github issue first. If the subcommand is not a fit for the purpose of Claymate, we can discuss it ahead of time and perhaps collaborate on ways to reshape it to fit._





