##Installation

You've made it this far into Gumby, congrats! We've learned from Gumby v1 and put all that innovation into v2. Gumby comes bundled with some really stellar modules like skiplinks, retina images, tabs, touch events, and much more. All of this comes with Gumby at no additional cost!

From here on the docs are split into two sections: Noobs and Nerds. Fairly self-explanatory. If you know what a global object is and what AMD loaders do, you're a nerd. Embrace it. Everyone else probably needs a bit of a lighter doc to read.

###Simple Explanation
In order to use Gumby's sweet elements listed above you have to include it in your files.

First, add this snippet inside the `<head>` tag, preferably towards the bottom of it. This snippet checks to see if the viewer is using an old IE version and if so loads in some helper stuff for IE. Old dogs can learn new tricks!
 

```
	<!-- Grab Google CDN's jQuery, fall back to local if offline -->
	<!-- 2.0 for modern browsers, 1.10 for .oldie -->

	<script>
	var oldieCheck = Boolean(document.getElementsByTagName('html')	[0].className.match(/\soldie\s/g));
	if(!oldieCheck) {
    	document.write('<script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/	2.0.2/jquery.min.js"></script>');
	} else {
	   document.write('<script src="//ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.10.1/jquery.min.js"></script>');
	}
	</script>
	<script>
	if(!window.jQuery) {
	   if(!oldieCheck) {
	       document.write('<script src="/js/libs/jquery-2.0.2.min.js"></script>');
	   } else {
	       document.write('<script src="/js/libs/jquery-1.10.1.min.js"></script>');
	   }
	}
	</script>
 
```

Next, add Gumby to your page. You do so by adding the following snippet to anywhere **below** the `</body>` tag. It's best practice to load Javascript after the page loads for performance reasons.


```
	<!-- First include gumby.js -->
	<script src="js/libs/gumby.js"></script>
	<!-- followed by the required UI modules -->
	<script src="js/libs/ui/gumby.checkbox.js"></script>
	<script src="js/libs/ui/gumby.radiobtn.js"></script>
	<!-- followed by gumby.init.js -->
		<script src="js/libs/gumby.init.js"></script>
 
	<!-- In production include a single concatenated and minimized gumby.min.js  -->
	<!-- The customizer will provide you with this file  -->
	<script src="js/libs/gumby.min.js"></script>

```

###Technical Stuff

The global Gumby object is where all the magic happens. It is defined in js/libs/gumby.js and is required by all UI modules (except [jQuery plugins](http://gumbyframework.com/docs/javascript/#!/validation)). The UI modules are stored as separate files in js/libs/ui and should be included after gumby.js at the bottom of your page. The final include should be gumby.init.js which takes care of initializing the modules included above, as well as calling AMD's define function. This means your single optimised gumby.min.js file can be loaded asynchronously by [Require.js](http://requirejs.org/) or [another AMD loader](https://github.com/cujojs/curl). The customizer will concatenate and minimize the required code into js/libs/gumby.min.js. If you download the full package or clone from GitHub we recommend you do the same in production, ensuring the global Gumby definition is at the top of your single concatenated file, followed by the required modules and finally gumby.init.js.

Gumby requires [jQuery 2.0 or 1.10.1](http://jquery.com/) and [Modernizr](http://modernizr.com/) so make sure Modernizr is included in the <head> of your document and jQuery before Gumby at the bottom of the <body>. Check out the demo.html and ui.html templates for an example (including our nifty way of loading 2.0/1.10). We recommend you use a [custom Modernizr build](http://modernizr.com/download/) in production, we use touch detection for Gumby Tap events so make sure that's included.

You'll want to include the custom jQuery mobile build that comes with Gumby too, more information on that and our [touch events](http://gumbyframework.com/docs/javascript/#) below.



