## Writing Your First Sassy Sass
Look at you. You've come all this way. They grow up so fast. Anyways, now that you're better than everyone else, go ahead and open up your _custom.scss. In here is where you'll keep all your custom Sass stuff. Gumby automatically includes this upon compilation. Convenient!

With your code editor in hand, it's time to get our hands dirty.

Sass has numerous features that we could talk about for days, but here's an extremely basic tutorial on writing your first Sass. In _custom.scss let's create a variable called "color" and how about we give it a soup related color. Mmm soup.

```
$color: bisque;

body{background: $color;}
```

Now, in terminal you'll need to run `compass watch` in order for the Sass to be compiled. You should see that there was a change to a file and that gumby.css was overwritten. Leave that terminal window open and everything you do in your Sass files will be compiled shortly after each save. It's also worth noting that if you mess up and make a syntax error of some sort, Sass will let you know which line and where the infraction took place. Now if you look at your gumby.css file, way down at the bottom you should see that the CSS was outputted. Then, back in your browser you should see that the body is now deliciously colored. Success!

### [Partially Partial Partials, Partialing](id:partials)
In an effort to keep your code more organized, we suggest you use partials when styling your site. We currently have that single _custom.scss partial file in the framework, but you can create as many as you need.


