## Best Practices
Here are some tips that we've compiled while using our own framework and listening to other users.

###[Learn, Love, Live Sass](id:sass)
We can't stress enough how awesome Sass really is. It speeds up our workflow, makes updating things like colors super simple, and so many other things. If you aren't 100% comfortable with it, read the [tutorial](http://sass-lang.com/tutorial.html), everything on [The Sass Way](http://thesassway.com/), and [Sass Official Docs](http://sass-lang.com/docs/yardoc/file.SASS_REFERENCE.html). Sass has proved extremely valuable to our team and we're sure it'll be a perfect fit for yours.

### Use the provided _custom.scss partial
Gumby allows you to build right into the framework with the custom partial. We recommend you utilize this function.

### Don't change the gumby.css on your own
While it's [not required](#options), it is always suggested that you use the _custom.scss partial included with the framework. You can always make more and have them included in the gumby.scss file.

###Keep it DRY
You can still take your laptop whitewater rafting, but we suggest following the DRY principle of Don't Repeat Yourself. Creating mixins and using variables to simplify your CSS is definitely something you should practice. But at the same time, don't abuse Sass' functionality. There's a healthy balance you should try to achieve.

###Bower.
We included [Bower](http://bower.io/) in Gumby v2 to make your life and lives of developers everywhere simpler. Bower is a package manager that allows you stay up to date with frameworks and the like. Running `bower update` while in the folder where bower.json is will pull in the latest Gumby files from Github.

###Stay active in our community!
Our [Google+ community](https://plus.google.com/communities/108760896951473344451) could always use some friendly faces. Similarly…

###Add Features to Gumby
Want to really make your parents proud? If in the course of your project, you create a really cool add-on for Gumby, send us a pull request. We'd love to add your work to our framework. Who knows, maybe we'll print it out and put it on our fridge!