## Help! I'm Stuck!
Hopefully you won't run into any issues getting setup with Ruby, Compass and friends. But it's quite possible you did. For starters, [Google](https://google.com) your problem. Chances are hundreds if not thousands of other people have already as well. Stackoverflow.com is a great place for asking questions and getting answers.

### Can't find modular-scale gem
```
Syntax error: File to import not found or unreadable: modular-scale.
              Load path: /Users/gumbycss/sources/Gumby/sass
        on line 19 of gumby.scss
  Use --trace for backtrace.
```

A common issue for new users. Often times this is caused by using the `sass` command rather than the `compass compile` command.

Also, if you were so advanced that you skipped the steps to install the necessary gems, go back up a few paragraphs.

### I can't get Ruby to work.
RVM is a great tool but also a fickle beast. If you're getting any specific errors try pasting the human readable parts into Google. You're bound to find the answer there.

### My Google Fonts aren't loading
This usually happens when you are attempting to develop from your desktop and opening an HTML file instead of setting up a local http server, like Apache2. Simply put your browser can't load these fonts because they are from a different origin. Check out [Bitnami's free XAMP stacks](http://bitnami.com/stacks/infrastructure) to get started on a web server.

### My problem still isn't solved.
First step should always be to Google your error or problem. If that doesn't work, post to our [Google+ community](https://plus.google.com/communities/108760896951473344451). It's specifically set up for users issues and questions. Please try to keep the Github issues page for framework issues only.


[^1]: Sass is a meta-language on top of CSS that’s used to describe the style of a document cleanly and structurally, with more power than flat CSS allows. Sass both provides a simpler, more elegant syntax for CSS and implements various features that are useful for creating manageable stylesheets. The power of Sass lets you use Gumby the way you want, and the way that best fits the needs and requirements of your project. Gumby 2 uses the SCSS syntax to give you more control over your project than ever before. Check out the [Sass website](http://sass-lang.com/) to learn more.

[^2]: Brew is a package manager for Mac.